I love hacking on datasets!  I like finding new algorithms and generating insights from data.  I am on the board of the Harvard Open Data Project, so I do a lot of data analysis projects.  I also like doing visualizations with maps using Google Maps API or MapBox.  I also like working with databases.

This summer I lived in Haifa, Israel and worked at BreezoMeter, a company that produces the most accurate air quality in the world. I built a system for analyzing their geospatial air quality datasets.  I used Python (specifically Numpy and Pandas) to write algorithms to generate insights into their BreezoMeter Air Quality Index data grid that covers the world.  I signed an NDA for the project, so I can’t be more specific, but researched, optimized, and designed the algorithms underlying one of their upcoming products.

I'm interested in joining the DRF team because I want to build a diverse set of engineering skills and work on really cool products to find out what type of work I really enjoy doing.  I loved working at a startup last summer, but I'd like to get exposure to other companies and the world of VC, so being on the engineering team of RDF would be the best of both worlds.  I love the passion for solving a real-world problem that goes into startups' products, so that's why I think working on these products as opposed to any random side project would be particularly fun.

I am a fast learner.  I am great at googling my way to understanding new technologies, so even if I am not already fluent in whatever framework or language we're using, I can get up to speed fast.  I make decisions quickly, and I'm always organized.  I have lots of leadership experience from leading a team of engineers designing an experiment back in high school, being on the board of the Harvard Open Data Project, leading backpacking trips, and teaching CS50 (Harvard's intro to CS course).  In short, I'm adaptable and on top my work.

My most memorable characteristic is my openness and honesty.  I'm always real with people and sometimes a bit too frank.  In a work setting, this means that I am always upfront about where I'm at, and I am a very clear communicator.  